hey this is pressure Locker and in this
video I'm going to explain the five card
reveal trick so you start out with any
five cards that the audience member
picks what you want to do when you
create the five piles of cards is
alternate between face up and face down
always put the second card face down and
at the very end make sure the last card
is face down so that it alternates as
well and then you continue the second
pile the same way it doesn't matter how
many cards you put in the piles but if
you want to keep it even you know
roughly keep roughly make four or five
pairs of cards in each of the piles at
this point you also don't want to make
you want to distract attention from the
fact that you're doing the cards face up
and face down and the trick here is that
every card at the time at the top of the
pile is facedown now the person will put
their cards one card on top of each pile
and this is where the trick really
happens is that you will have two
facedown cards in a row on each of the
piles and when you mix them up that will
continue to be the same that there will
be a pair of cards which are facedown as
opposed to face up and face down now
when you go through the pot the rest of
the deck and you either place them the
same way or you flip them over the only
thing that matters is you take an even
number of cards and this way each pair
face down and face up cards either gets
changed so that basically so that each
pair one card is face up and face down
except for the cards where you had two
facedown cards in a row so you can go
through the deck and you can either do
two cards
you can do for cards you can do six
cards you can also do eight cards as
long as you make sure you get the cards
to me an even number
it'll be fine when you go through the
deck and you can do this over again it
doesn't matter now when you split the
cards into two therefore piles the cards
that the person picks will end up being
different from all the others once you
flip over one of the piles so separate
the cards into two different piles and
now they can flip over either one of the
cards and what you've done this is
really where the trick takes place is
that all the cards in the deck were face
up and face down in Paris except for the
cards where the person placed them on
top of the other so you had two cards in
row which were the same so if the card
ended up in this pile it'll be different
from all the other ones and the same
thing here if the card ended up in this
pile it'll be different from all the
other ones so we can look through the
deck that the cards which are in the
Royal Flush here are already faced off
and here the cards which are in the
Royal Flush will already be face down so
either way they flip the cards you will
see that the cards on the Royal Flush
will be different from all the others
and that's how you perform the five
Carter meal